README.md, before:

JavaScript Planes
=================

This sample app demonstrates loading data from a REST API and displaying it on a map.

![JavaScript Planes](app-screenshot.png)


## Application Architecture

![Application Architecture](airplane-architecture.png)

This application is broken into 3 main groups:

- Cron job: periodically data is queried from the [OpenSky API](https://openskynetwork.github.io/opensky-api/rest.html) and written to a Redis data store.

- User Application: an Express API queries data and surfaces it to a Single Page Application (SPA) written in Vue.


## Run with Containers

1. Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if it isn't installed already.

2. Run `docker-compose up` from your favorite terminal.

   This will spin up the Redis data store.

   This will also build and deploy the data loading app that pulls flight data from OpenSky API and loads it into Redis every 10 seconds.

   This will also build and start the Node.js app on http://localhost:8000.  This app consists of an Express API that queries the database and a Vue.js app that shows planes on a Leaflet map.

3. Browse to http://localhost:8000/ and watch the planes move.  Click on a plane to see the details.

4. When you're done, hit cntrl-c and run `docker-compose down` to stop all the containers.


## Run locally

1. Start Redis.

   ```sh
   docker-compose -f redis.yaml up
   ```

   Alternatively, you can set `REDIS_URL` to match your existing cluster.

2. Start the API.

   ```sh
   cd api
   npm install
   npm start
   ```

3. Start the UI.

   ```sh
   cd app
   npm install --legacy-peer-deps
   npm run serve
   ```

4. Browse to http://localhost:8000/ and watch the planes move.  Click on a plane to see the details.


## License

MIT

Commit message:

Jetpack makes it so much easier to start in Kubernetes

README.md, after:

JavaScript Planes
=================

This sample app shows how easy it is to get started with Jetpack.io.

![JavaScript Planes](app-screenshot.png)


## Application Architecture

- Cron job: periodically data is queried from the OpenSky API and written to a Redis data store.

- User Application: an Express API queries data and surfaces it to a Single Page Application (SPA) written in Vue.


## Run with Jetpack

1. Install the [Jetpack.io CLI](https://www.jetpack.io/docs/getting-started/quickstart) and login to Jetpack.io

   ```sh
   curl https://get.jetpack.io -fsSL | bash
   jetpack auth login
   ```

2. Run the app on the Jetpack.io demo cluster.

   ```sh
   jetpack dev
   ```

   This builds the app locally (requires a container runtime like [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)), starts the app in the cloud, and proxies requests and logs to your local machine

3. Browse to the site running in the cloud and proxied to http://localhost:8080/ and watch the planes move.  Click on a plane to see the details.

4. Note the logs streamed to your terminal.


## Run with Containers

1. Install [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if it isn't installed already.

2. Run `docker-compose up` from your favorite terminal.

   This will spin up the Redis data store.

   This will also build and deploy the data loading app that pulls flight data from OpenSky API and loads it into Redis every 10 seconds.

   This will also build and start the Node.js app on http://localhost:8000.  This app consists of an Express API that queries the database and a Vue.js app that shows planes on a Leaflet map.

3. Browse to http://localhost:8000/ and watch the planes move.  Click on a plane to see the details.

4. When you're done, hit cntrl-c and run `docker-compose down` to stop all the containers.


## Run locally

1. Start Redis.

   ```sh
   docker-compose -f redis.yaml up
   ```

   Alternatively, you can set `REDIS_URL` to match your existing cluster.

2. Start the API.

   ```sh
   cd api
   npm install
   npm start
   ```

3. Start the UI.

   ```sh
   cd app
   npm install --legacy-peer-deps
   npm run serve
   ```

4. Browse to http://localhost:8000/ and watch the planes move.  Click on a plane to see the details.


## License

MIT
